# hello-world
General Ideas, Resources, shares and discussions of projects working on.
Mr Dan Looper,  started my journey in Computer Science with the Tandy Corporation n 1983,  as a Computer Salesman, then went through their programming course to become a better saleman. Later received additional training while  in the USAF where I  created a Flate file data driven logistic control program out of MS-Basic or  what was later called Abasic, or Qbasic.  years later converting the entire project to a software intergration package the USAF made available called ENABLE. which was an element of software contained in a package that was like Microsoft Offcie Pro. the ENABLE package was  comprobale to MS-Access.  I developed a global application that  enable many offices across United States European Command to  remove the old slow proccess of typewriters and replace them with the highly  efficitent PC that were being brought in to  the offices.  The results of my actions lead to  several decoration and awards  for action above and beyond the call of duty, and gave credit to myself and the USAF. years later after  departing a successfull active duty  Status I was in the USAF Ready Reaserve and assinged to my local  air national guard  unit in  the  city I returned to after active service. MY formal college educaztion I received a Degree in Programming where I specialized in Microsoft Visual Basic, C and Microsoft MSSQL. Later even  successfully becomeing a Microsoft Certified Professional with MSSQL. My employement was also  moving up and through the roof and my education  continually increased.   I compelted a Bachelor in management  to help aid in taking my career to the next level, I  had years of experiance in leadership roles,  guiding and supervising  a large number of people,. at one time there was more than 25 personnel under my direct daily supervision. 
Over the last 10 years I have  honed my projects into several areas where I feel  the best  results can be gained for all.  These areas are Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning ,  Computer Vision using the OPENCV technology,  Satellite tracking mobile developlment , CNC  and 3d printing development , and Flight simulation hardware and software intergration.  
I am currently starting to use GutHub to  establish a repository of projects and  activities on the project I am working on. 
I look forward to sharing and collaborating with other to  reach new possibilities.
